{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17940\viewh20080\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ian Williams\
CSC 482\
Research Project\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 The project extends the FUIGUI program developed my Dr. Wendy Myrvold for drawing fullerene graphs. The code I wrote was part of a research project to mathematically analyze and rank the aesthetic qualities of fullerene graphs.\
The code I wrote is in the file assign_penalty.c in the folder /fullerene_pictures/2get_score/  that analyzes the XY coordinates of the vertices and gives them a score based on those qualities. \
\
The only file that has been modified from the original files is assign_penalty.c in folder 2. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
There is a file in each folder except for the fifth one all called variations of run_<name>_com. They will automatically complete compilation steps. They are all formatted to run on the linux computers in the ECS labs. If you run the program you will need to make sure the output files are the correct name for your system. The C executable files are all called "./a.out" by default. \
\
To run the program including my modified score function you will need to open run_compile_com and change the directory path names that the files changing the part before "/fullerene_pictures/" to suit your system. \
\
To run FUIGUI after changing those documents simply change the current directory to /fullerene_pictures/  and run the run_compile_com file and the FUIGUI window will automatically open. \
}